Judge: I am glad we finally meet in person.
Judge: I received the letter from the Luca's lawyers. The boy might be not rich, but his parents are. They found hard evidence, it says he could not kill his girlfriend. They will be accusing us, for sure.
Judge: I am impressed by your conclusions. Do you know the probability of being killed by a bottle thrown from a plane? I can't even imagine how low it was. I wonder how it happened. Bad luck, for sure.
Judge: I am impressed by your conclusions. Do you know the probability of being killed by a bottle thrown from a plane? I can't even imagine how low it was. Anyway, Daniel, stupid kid. Now he will need to live with these thoughts.
Judge: One of Jeff's friends suddenly appeared. He delivered the great alibi for him. They were fishing that day. He could not kill that girl. It's not good for us and the case.
Judge: I've recently acquired a report from the medical centre. The girl died because something hit her head. Any other reasons weren't detected. It's not good for us and the case.
Judge: It's more, related to Brandon.
Judge: I am surprised how jealousy can evolve into hate so easily. Luca acted terribly. He's going to spend a lot of time in jail.
Judge: I am disappointed you missed that murder. I believe someday we will acquire a piece of evidence, which will come out of blue. 
Judge: Mike delivered us a bunch of new camera records. I am not optimistic. Unofficially I can say, they are not proving your conclusions. It is a serious threat for you.
Judge: To sum up, I want to thank you. The job is perfectly done like always, Mr Wyatt. Time for some earned rest for both of us.
Judge: To sum up, I am glad you solved one of the problems. I am afraid we can have troubles with the other one. I appreciate your work. Anyway, you should be quiet and stay out of the media. Let's hope everything will be fine.
Judge: To sum up, I am disappointed with you, Mr Wyatt. You shall not take the leadership of any further cases. With all my sympathy to you, I'd suggest a official retirement. It'd be better for the reputation of both of us.