Judge: I see everybody's in place. We should get back to work. The short break ends now. The main detective is asked to stand.
Judge: Dear Mr Wyatt. Can you tell us what happened to the girl found dead in the central park?
Wyatt: Dear judge, we collected a certain amount of data. We also interrogated five people, the closest friends or companions to our victims. 
(conditional)Wyatt: Once getting familiar with it, I can clearly say, that
(optional)Wyatt: Her boyfriend Luca killed her.
(optional)Wyatt: It was an unfortunate accident.
(optional)Wyatt: Daniel killed her.
(optional)Wyatt: A drunkard named Jeff killed her.
(optional)Wyatt: She stumbled.
(answer)Wyatt: Luca's clearly unstable. On the one hand, he seems to be emotional about her and I believe he truly loved her. On the other hand, the witness Jeff confirmed, that Luca is not able to control his emotions. He was threatening that girl with a bottle once he got overly jealous. Moreover, he lied with other things.
(answer)Wyatt: She was hit with a glass bottle thrown out from the plane. During she was walking through the central  park, above the central park there was the fly above the city tour. The pilot was showing aggressive manoeuvres. Because of them, trash in the cockpit somehow got ejected. It was not a crew fault nor passengers. The plane's logs agree.
(answer)Wyatt: She was hit with a glass bottle thrown out from the plane. During she was walking through the central park, above the central park there was the fly above the city tour. During it, Daniel drank a lot. Once they were above the park he opened the window to catch some fresh air and threw his trash. Trash fell and you know what happened next. 
(answer)Wyatt: She was hit with a glass bottle thrown by Jeff. Thanks to CCTV we noticed, he likes to booze. He used to throw bottles at random places earlier. It was a matter of time when he finally hits someone. 
(answer)Wyatt: Due to stress, she passed away. The cold night did the rest. The crushed glass was already there. Thanks to CCTV we noticed, that local drunkard Jeff likes to booze. He used to throw bottles at random places earlier. I checked other possible threads, too. But none of them explains better what could happen.
Wyatt: More you can find in my detailed report I am giving you now, sir.
Judge: Well, I see. Now tell how Brandon, the pilot, died.
(conditional)Wyatt: As we know, he was stabbed in the back. 
(optional)Wyatt: Luca's responsible for this. 
(optional)Wyatt: Murderer's unknown. 
(optional)Wyatt: He was killed by Mike. 
(answer)Wyatt: He was perfectly angry when he realized his girlfriend was about establishing cooperation with their company. When that girl died, he accused Brandon of it and decided to take an act of revenge. We checked his knife. It's the same blade which killed Brandon.
(answer)Wyatt: We scanned literally everything. Nothing found. Fingerprints, hair, DNA, etc. Still nothing. We need more time. In this exact moment, I can't pinpoint person responsible for this. I request additional time, sir.
(answer)Wyatt: Mike never forgave when Brandon had hit him. They cooperated. But when the occasion appeared, Mike decided to kill him and fake the murder. The Luca's was perfect to be blamed.
Wyatt: More you can find in my another detailed report I am giving you now, sir. 
Judge: As you heard, ladies and gentleman. Time to proceed to final accusations.